The CEEX blockchain data information platform (hereinafter referred to as "CEEX") operated by CEEX (hereinafter referred to as "company" or "we") may collect and use your personal information when providing products and services to you. In particular, you are reminded to carefully read and fully understand our privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "this Privacy Policy").
CEEX provides professional blockchain data information, real-time market, trend analysis and other services. The company also cooperates with third parties to provide you with other richer related services through CEEX. We hope you will carefully read and confirm that you have fully understood the contents of this privacy policy before using the products and services provided by the CEEX, so that you can make appropriate choices according to the guidelines of this privacy policy. The relevant terms involved in this privacy policy are expressed in a concise way so that you can better understand them. If you check "I have read and agreed to" CEEX privacy policy, or check "I have read and agreed to" CEEX privacy policy after we update this Privacy Policy (we will prompt you to update it in time) and continue to use the products and services provided by CEEX, you agree to the content of this Privacy Policy (including the updated version), And agree that we collect, use, save and share your relevant information in accordance with this privacy policy.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions on this privacy policy, you can contact us at any time through the contact information specified in this Privacy Policy for consultation and feedback; If you do not agree with this privacy policy, you should immediately stop using the products and services provided by CEEX. Through this privacy policy, we hope to explain to you the protection measures we take for your information and your rights when you use the products and services provided by CEEX. Please be reminded that after collecting your personal information, we may automatically process your personal information. In this case, we will de identify the data according to the national general technical standards to form a user database. The use of information conforming to the de identification standards does not infringe your personal privacy or violate the personal information protection policy. We have the right to analyze the user database and make commercial use of it.

1、 Personal information collection and use rules
（1） Core business functions of products and services provided by CEEX
In order to realize the core business functions, we may need to collect personal information from you when you use the products and services provided by CEEX. The core business functions and the personal information to be collected to realize the function will be listed in detail below. If you refuse to collect, you will not be able to use the service.
(1) When you browse information: you can use the browse information function without registering a CEEX account. Browsing content includes digital currency market information, index information and information information; In the process of browsing information, we may collect the equipment information of your CEEX (including equipment model, operating system version, resolution, telecom operator, equipment setting and equipment positioning) in order to provide you with the best scheme of information display. In addition, when you use the browse information function, we will automatically collect the details of your use of the CEEX and save them as relevant logs, including but not limited to the search keyword information you enter and the links you click, the content you browse, the language you use, the date and time you visit, and the web page record you request, the operating system, the software version number Login IP information.
(2) We may ask for authorization to use the device to store read and write permissions in order to load the materials necessary for market information and so on. The CEEX will not abuse the device storage read-write permission to access the files of other applications.
（2） Additional business functions of products and services provided by CEEX
In order to provide you with better products and services, we may need to collect the following information. If you refuse to provide the following information, it will not affect your normal use of the core business functions described in item "(I)" in part I of this privacy policy, but we are unable to provide you with some specific functions and services.
(1) When you log in to the CEEX account: during the process of registering as a user of the CEEX, you may need to provide us with your mobile phone number to create a user name and password. In the user registration, you can provide more additional information to complete your personal data, such as your real name, date of birth, place of residence, hobbies, educational background and work occupation. This information will help us provide you with more personalized services, but not providing it will not affect the basic services you provide by using the currency circle.
(2) When you use the CEEX open platform to publish information: first, you need to submit relevant authentication information, including the subject's real name information, avatar logo, address information, subject identity information, third-party social account information, mobile phone number and email. After the authentication application is approved by us, you can use the above services provided by CEEX. In the process of publishing information, we may obtain your device storage read-write permission, photo album permission, camera permission and geographical location permission. The information and permission provided by you above will help CEEX provide you with CEEX open platform publishing information services. If you do not provide it, it will not affect your use of the basic services provided by CEEX, However, you will not be able to use the above services provided by CEEX.
(3) When you share the content of the CEEX: we may get relevant information about your sharing websites.
Some personal information may be identified as personal sensitive information because of its particularity; Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that may endanger personal and property safety and easily lead to personal reputation, physical and mental health damage or discriminatory treatment once leaked, illegally provided or abused. The personal sensitive information involved in this privacy policy includes: your personal identity information; Network identification information (including account name, account nickname and of social account); Other information (including telephone numbers, web browsing records, accurate positioning information). When we want to use the information for other purposes not specified in this privacy policy, we will seek your consent in advance. When we want to use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will also ask for your consent in advance.
（3） Exceptions with consent
In the following cases, we may obtain relevant information without your prior consent:
(1) Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution;
(4) It is difficult to obtain your own consent in time for the purpose of safeguarding your or others' life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests;
(5) The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by yourself;
(6) Your personal information collected from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(7) It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided by the CEEX, such as finding and handling the faults of products or services;
(8) When it is necessary for academic research and the results of academic research or description are provided externally, the personal information contained in the results is de identified;
(9) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

（1） Cookies
When you use the products and services provided by the CEEX with the help of a web browser, you will put one or more "cookies" into the computer. If you log in with a CEEX account, we will set or read one or more other cookies. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and numbers and characters. With the help of cookies, we can store data such as your preferences or collections; We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those stated in this privacy policy.
（2） Website beacons and pixel Tags
In addition to cookies, we will also use other similar technologies such as website beacons and pixel tags. For example, the email or push message we send you may contain a URL linked to the products and services provided by the CEEX. If you click this link, we will track this click to help us understand your product or service preferences about CEEX and improve customer service.
Many web browsers are equipped with do not track function, which can publish do not track requests to websites. At present, the major Internet standards organizations have not set up relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. However, if your browser enables do not track, all our websites will respect your choice. You can also use your browser settings to delete or block cookies on your computer.

3、 How do we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information
（1） Share (III) do not track
We will not share your personal information with any enterprises, organizations and individuals other than the company, except for the following cases:
(1) Share with your express consent;
(2) Share your personal information according to laws and regulations or the mandatory requirements of the competent government departments;
(3) Share with our affiliates: your personal information may be shared with our affiliates. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this privacy policy. If the subsidiary wants to change the purpose of processing personal information, it will ask for your authorization and consent again.
(4) Share with authorized partners: only for the purpose stated in this privacy policy, some products and services provided by CEEX will be provided by authorized partners. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes, and only share the personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners have no right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.
For enterprises, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign a strict confidentiality agreement and require them to handle personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
（2） Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any enterprise, organization or individual, except for the following circumstances:
(1) Transfer with your express consent;
(2) The legal agreement (including other legal agreements signed by you) related to the online currency and other services.
（3） Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
(1) With your express consent;
(2) You take the initiative to publicly disclose your personal information
We may publicly disclose your personal information under the circumstances of laws, legal procedures, litigation or mandatory requirements of government authorities; When we receive the above request for information disclosure, we will require to issue corresponding legal documents, such as subpoena or investigation letter.

4、 How do we protect your personal information
We have adopted various security technologies and protective measures in line with industry standards to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, when you exchange data with CEEX server, we use HTTPS, SSL, AES and other technologies to ensure data security and confidentiality; We will build the security system in strict accordance with the security standards at home and abroad, and implement it in combination with cutting-edge and mainstream security technologies to prevent users' personal information from being accessed, used and disclosed without authorization. We have established a perfect security defense system, which can timely and actively intercept attacks when we are infected by external network attacks and viruses.
We have established and improved the data security management system, including hierarchical classification, encryption and storage of user information and division of data access rights; The internal data management system and operating procedures have been formulated, and there are strict process requirements for the acquisition, use and destruction of data to avoid the illegal use of your private data; We will hold regular security and privacy protection training to improve employees' awareness of personal information protection. However, you should understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we try our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure the 100% security of information. Information leakage may occur due to factors beyond our control. If personal information security incidents happen unfortunately, we will comply with the requirements of laws and regulations, Timely inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the emergency response and other relevant disposal measures we have taken or will take, and the remedial measures for you through the letter in the CEEX station / the contact information you have reserved. If it is difficult to inform the subject of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to make an announcement and take the initiative to report to the relevant regulatory department
Report the disposal of personal information security incidents to the door.
If you find that your personal information is leaked, please contact us immediately through the contact information agreed in this privacy policy, so that we can take corresponding measures in time.

5、 How do you manage your personal information
We will try our best to take appropriate technical means to ensure that you can access, correct, supplement and delete your registration information or other personal information provided when using the products and services provided by CEEX.
（1） Access your personal information
You have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise your data access right, you can contact us. In principle, we will reply within 15 days. See "how to contact us" in Part IX of this Privacy Policy for contact details.
（2） Correct or supplement your personal information
When you find that there are errors in your personal information processed by us, you can ask us to make corrections or supplements. See "how to contact us" in Part IX of this Privacy Policy for contact details.
（3） Delete your personal information
You can contact us to change the scope of your personal information you authorize us to collect and use, and cancel our account to cancel all our authorization to collect and use your personal information. After you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete your personal information unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations or otherwise agreed in writing with you.
You can request us to delete your personal information under the following circumstances:
(1) Our handling of your personal information violates laws and regulations or the agreement with you;
(2) We fail to obtain your explicit consent for the collection and use of your personal information;
(3) We terminate the provision to you or you voluntarily terminate the use of the products or services provided by the CEEX.
You can contact us at any time through the contact information in Part IX "how to contact us" of this privacy policy. In principle, we will reply to your request within 15 days.
When you delete your personal information, we may not delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, but we will delete it when the backup is updated. When you cancel your account, we will delete your personal information, except for the anonymous information that has been used for user portraits or the circumstances that cannot be deleted according to laws and regulations.
When we anonymize or delete your personal information, if your personal information has been shared, we will also notify relevant enterprises, organizations or individuals to anonymize or delete your personal information.
（4） Change the scope of your authorization and consent
You can change the camera, location and other access rights in the mobile device, or change the browser function settings and setting options. If you don't want to accept the push information we sent you, you can contact us through the contact information in Section 9 "how to contact us" of this privacy policy. In principle, we will reply to your request within 15 days.
（5） Cancel account
You can cancel your account at any time by contacting us or contacting us to cancel your previously registered account. For details, please refer to Part IX "how to contact us" of this privacy policy. In principle, we will reply to your request within 15 days. After canceling your account, CEEX will stop providing products and services for you, and we will delete your personal information according to your requirements, Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
（6） Get a copy of your personal information
You have the right to contact us through the contact information listed in Part IX "how to contact us" of this privacy policy to obtain copies of your basic personal data, personal identity information and other personal information collected by us.
（7） Automatic decision of constraint information system
In some business functions, we may only make decisions based on non manual automatic decision-making mechanisms such as information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
（8） Respond to your above request
In order to ensure security, when you put forward the above requirements, we may ask to verify your identity before processing your request. Usually, we will reply to your request within 15 days. In principle, we will not charge for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost for repeated requests that exceed the reasonable limit. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repeated, require too many technical means (e.g., need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (e.g., involve information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request if:
(1) Related to our performance of our obligations under laws and regulations;
(2) Directly related to national defense and national security;
(3) Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
(4) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgment;
(5) We have sufficient evidence to show that users have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
(6) For the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of users or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain their own consent;
(7) Responding to the user's request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the user or other individuals and organizations;
(8) Involving trade secrets.

6、 How do we deal with children's personal information
Children cannot create their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or other guardians. For the collection of children's personal information with the consent of parents or other guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose this information if permitted by law, expressly agreed by parents or other guardians or necessary to protect children.
Although local laws and customs define children differently, we regard anyone under the age of 14 as a child.
If we find that we have collected the personal information of children without the prior consent of verifiable parents or other guardians, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible. If their parents or other guardians explicitly disagree with the child's creation of a user account, they can contact us through the contact information listed in "Part IX" of this privacy policy, and in other cases necessary to protect the child, we will suspend or restrict the child's use of coin ring products and services.

7、 Storage of your personal information
As we provide CEEX products and services through resources and servers all over the world, this means that after obtaining your authorization and consent and making a security assessment of data cross-border behavior, your personal information may be transferred to or accessed from overseas jurisdictions in the countries / regions where you use CEEX products and services.
Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws or even no relevant laws. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately and equally protected in the people's Republic of China. For example, we will ask for your consent to the cross-border transfer of your personal information, or implement security measures such as data De identification before cross-border data transfer.

8、 How is this Privacy Policy updated
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. Without your express consent, we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy; For major changes, we will also notify you in more significant ways, such as mobile client push notification, pop-up window, email, etc., so that you can timely understand the changes of this privacy policy. Major changes refer to major changes in the service mode of the CEEX and important adjustments to your rights and obligations in this agreement. The changed version of the privacy policy will be released on the CEEX.
Please note that we may make necessary corrections to the paragraphs and errors in this privacy policy without your consent; We will archive various versions of the privacy policy for you to compare and consult when necessary.

9、 How to contact us
The company has a special compliance department to supervise the protection of personal information. For questions related to this privacy policy or our privacy measures, please contact us in the following ways:
（1） If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this privacy policy or your personal information, please contact us.
（2） Normally, we will reply within 15 days. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially our personal information processing behavior has damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also complain or report to the regulatory authorities such as wechat, telecommunications, public security, industry and commerce.

10、 Supplementary Provisions
We may cooperate with different third party partners, including but not limited to promoting the products and services of the third party. We cannot exhaust the categories of third parties we may cooperate with here; However, you should pay special attention that the relevant provisions of this privacy policy only apply to the products and services provided by the CEEX, not to the products and services provided by a third party through the CEEX, or the products and services pointed to by the third-party link on the CEEX products and services. In this case, it is recommended that you carefully read and understand the privacy policy of the third party.
All terms of this privacy policy are an important part of the CEEX service agreement. Any dispute arising from this privacy policy will be submitted to the people's court with jurisdiction where the CEEX is located for settlement.