Before you use the products and services provided by the CEEX digital currency market platform (hereinafter referred to as "CEEX") operated by CEEX (hereinafter referred to as "company" or "we"), please carefully read the CEEX service agreement (hereinafter referred to as "agreement"), which is the relevant rights and obligations agreement between you and the company on your registration, login and use of CEEX, If you have any questions about the contents of this agreement, please consult the customer service of the company in time. When you check the radio box on the page, click "confirm" or "agree" to agree to this agreement, or after we update this Agreement (we will prompt you in time), check the radio box on the page, click "confirm" or "agree" and continue to use the products and services provided by the currency circle, that means you have fully read Understand and accept all contents of this agreement. You accept and will abide by the agreement.
We may update the contents of this agreement from time to time according to the situation, but we will inform you through CEEX announcement, private letter notice or pop-up update prompt; Once this agreement is modified, it will replace the service agreement before the CEEX. If you have any questions about the modified agreement, please contact the company's customer service in time. If you disagree with this Agreement and the company's amendment or change to it, please stop using all the services and products provided by CEEX immediately. If you click "agree" or "confirm" and continue to use it, you will be deemed to accept the change of this Agreement and agree to follow the new service agreement when using all the services and products provided by CEEX in the future.
The "user" in this agreement includes registered users and non registered users. Any user who has not registered the account number of the CEEX will automatically become a "non registered user" of the CEEX when using the products and services provided by the CEEX, and must comply with all other terms except the user registration provisions of this agreement.
CEEX mainly provides you with professional digital currency real-time market, trend analysis, industry information and other content, as well as digital currency personal home page, asset accounting, information release, community communication and other services. Adhering to the craftsman spirit, we conduct multi-dimensional and multi-level processing of massive data through big data technology to share the most valuable content with users. The company will adjust the products and services provided by the CEEX from time to time according to its own business development, so as to provide you with a better experience.

1、 Usage rules
1. You can use the products and services provided by CEEX without user account. However, the functions of some CEEX products and services require you to register your CEEX account. If you want to use more functions provided by CEEX, you must register the corresponding account and provide relevant personal information on the registration page. You can terminate your account at any time according to the instructions of the CEEX. We will retain or terminate your account in accordance with the provisions of this agreement.
2. If you need to use the CEEX open platform to publish information services, in addition to registering the CEEX account, you also need to submit an authentication application to us. After we review your authentication application, you can use your own CEEX account to publish information using the CEEX open platform.
3. You fully understand and agree that in order to better promote information sharing and publicity, you authorize CEEX to use any public information you publish on the CEEX open platform on the products and services of CEEX and its affiliated companies, and license the above content to third parties for the purpose of publicity and promotion. Your aforesaid authorization to CEEX and its affiliates does not change your ownership and intellectual property ownership of the foregoing content, nor does it affect your exercise of your legal rights to the foregoing content.
4. You fully understand and agree that the CEEX only provides you with a big data analysis platform for digital currency market. All contents are for reference only and do not constitute investment suggestions or other practical operation opinions. You should judge the contents in the CEEX and be responsible for the consequences of your operation.
5. You fully understand that the products and services provided by CEEX, like most Internet services, are affected by the differences of factors including but not limited to user reasons, network service quality, social environment and so on, and may be disturbed by various security problems, such as the harassment in real life caused by others using users' data; Other software downloaded and installed by users or other websites visited by users contain viruses such as "Trojan horse", which threaten the security of users' computer information and data, and then affect the normal use of CEEX products and services. You should strengthen the awareness of information security and user data protection, and pay attention to strengthening password protection to avoid loss and harassment.
6. You fully understand and agree that we reserve the right to change, suspend, restrict, terminate or revoke all or part of the service contents of the products and services unilaterally provided to the CEEX at any time without any notice due to the needs of business development, and you need to bear this risk. After we update the relevant terms of this agreement, users can download and install the CEEX again or check the latest version of the CEEX service agreement on the official website of the CEEX. After we update this agreement, if the user does not accept the modified terms, please immediately stop using the products and services provided by CEEX.
7. The products and services provided by CEEX may include advertisements. You agree to display the advertisements provided by CEEX, third-party suppliers and partners during use.
8. In our reasonable judgment, we have the right to stop transmitting and publishing any of the foregoing contents in accordance with the law, and take appropriate legal actions against any person who violates these terms, including but not limited to, Delete illegal, infringing, improper and other contents from the products and services provided by the CEEX, terminate the user qualification of violators, prevent them from using the CEEX to provide all or part of products and services, and keep relevant information and report to relevant departments in accordance with laws and regulations. If the judicial department confirms that our above judgment is wrong, we shall bear the resulting responsibility in accordance with the relevant laws of our country.
9. We reserve the right to provide you with CEEX replacement, modification and upgrade version at any time and charge fees for replacement, modification or upgrade. Users can choose to update or refuse to update the new version. However, after the release of the new version of the CEEX, we do not guarantee the continued availability of the old version of the CEEX. We reserve the right to unilaterally change or restrict some functions and effects of the CEEX due to the needs of business development. Users need to bear this risk.
10. The company and cooperative units will provide users with various Internet and mobile communication value-added services related to the CEEX, including free and charged value-added services, according to the development of market and technology. The company and cooperative units reserve the right to charge fees for relevant value-added services and change the charging standards and methods. If relevant services are changed from free services to charging services, the company and cooperative units will notify in an appropriate form. Users can choose to accept or reject charging services, and ensure that when using charging services, The fees will be paid according to the relevant charging regulations of the company and cooperative units, otherwise the company has the right not to provide the charging service to users.
11. Rights and obligations of users:
(1) The ownership of the CEEX account belongs to the company. After completing the application for registration, the user obtains the right to use the CEEX account. The right to use the CEEX account only belongs to the initial applicant for registration, and gift, borrowing, lease, transfer or sale are prohibited. Due to the relevant provisions of this agreement, the company has the right to recover the user's CEEX account number.
(2) Users must take full responsibility for the authenticity, legitimacy and effectiveness of the registration information on the CEEX. At the same time, users shall not impersonate others or spread any information in the name of others; Do not maliciously use the registered account to cause other users to misunderstand; Otherwise, the company has the right to immediately stop providing services, take back the CEEX account, and you shall bear all legal liabilities arising therefrom.
(3) The user shall be fully responsible for the authenticity, legality, harmlessness and effectiveness of the information transmitted and released on the CEEX. Any legal liability related to the information transmitted and released by the user shall be borne by the user, not the company.
(4) The user has the right to change and delete the personal data, registration information, transmitted and published information on the CEEX. However, it should be noted that deleting the relevant content will also delete any text and pictures stored in the system, and the user shall bear the risk.
(5) In order to ensure the security of user account information: the user has the responsibility to properly keep the registered account information, account password and the security of any activities under this account, including network transactions; Users need to bear legal responsibility for the behavior under the registered account and password; In case of login with an account or password not authorized by the user or any login in violation of the terms of service, the user must immediately notify the company; The user shall be responsible for any loss of the company or other users in the currency circle due to the use of his own account and password by others; Under no circumstances shall users log in with any account other than their own account, otherwise the company has the right to freeze and review such account.
(6) The user shall abide by the terms of this Agreement and correctly and properly use the products and services provided by CEEX. If the user violates any terms of this agreement, the company has the right to terminate the provision of CEEX products and services to the defaulting user account according to the agreement. Meanwhile, the company reserves the right to withdraw the CEEX account number and user name at any time.
(7) After the user registers the CEEX account, if the user does not log in to the account for a long time (more than 3 months from the date of registration), the company has the right to notify you to recover the account and clear your relevant registration information, so as to avoid waste of resources, and the resulting problems shall be borne by the user.
(8) Users are not allowed to upload, transmit, or provide the following products or services:
1) Opposing the basic principles defined in the constitution;
2) Endangering national security, divulging state secrets, subverting state power and undermining national unity;
3) Harming the honor and interests of the state;
4) Inciting national hatred and discrimination and undermining national unity;
5) Undermining state religious policies and propagating cults and feudal Superstitions;
6) Spreading rumors, disturbing social order and undermining social stability;
7) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetting crime;
8) Insulting or slandering others and infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of others;
9) Information containing other contents prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
10) Contents prohibited from making, uploading, copying, transmitting and publishing according to relevant service rules of CEEX.
(9) Before using the products and services provided by the CEEX, the user agrees not to have the following acts, otherwise the user shall be fully liable for any damage caused by violating the above restrictions:
1) Use the products and services provided by the CEEX to engage in any illegal activities;
2) Attempt to access any part of the service or any CEEX server network in an unauthorized way;
3) Infringe the rights of any individual or entity, including but not limited to its intellectual property, privacy, image or contractual rights;
4) Interfere with or damage any part of the service, including but not limited to the use of viruses, zombie programs, Trojans, harmful code, DDoS attacks, denial of service attacks, packet or IP spoofing, forged routing or email address information or similar methods or technologies;
5) Use scripts, robots, crawlers or other automated mechanisms to collect information or otherwise interact with services without the express written permission of the company;
6) Without the written permission of the company, any content of the CEEX can be sold to others for profit. Such use includes but is not limited to copying, copying, modifying, distributing, transferring, selling, publishing, broadcasting, executing, transmitting, licensing or disseminating any part or content of the products and services provided by the CEEX in any form.
(10) Once you violate the provisions of this agreement or the relevant service rules of the CEEX, we have the right to cancel your account and delete all the information you publish on the CEEX at any time.
(11) After we cancel your account, we do not rule out that we will retain the information you published on the CEEX. If you need to delete the information published on the CEEX, you can contact us at any time through the contact information in "VII. Contact information" of this agreement.

2、 Disclaimer
1. For any claim, demand or loss claimed by any third party, including reasonable attorney's fees, caused or incurred by the user's violation of the provisions of this agreement or the relevant service rules of CEEX, the user agrees to compensate and protect the company, cooperative companies and affiliated companies.
2. The company and cooperative units shall not be liable for all losses suffered by users due to communication line failure, technical problems, network, computer failure, system instability and other force majeure reasons of third parties, such as telecommunications departments.
3. If the normal operation of the service is affected by irresistible events such as technical faults, the company and the cooperative unit promise to cooperate with relevant units in the first time to deal with and repair in time, but the company and the cooperative unit will not be responsible for all losses suffered by users.
4. Users must understand that the products and services provided by CEEX may be affected by unstable factors in all links due to Internet services. Therefore, the products and services provided by CEEX have the risk of service interruption or failure to meet the requirements of users due to force majeure, computer virus or hacker attack, system instability, user location, user shutdown and any other technology, Internet and communication line. Users must bear the above risks, and the company does not provide guarantee. The company will not bear any responsibility for the user's inability to send and receive reading information or receiving and sending wrong information.
5. The user must understand that in the process of using the products and services provided by the CEEX, there is a risk of anonymous or false information from any other person, including threatening, defamatory, offensive or illegal content or behavior or infringement of other people's rights (including intellectual property rights), and the user must bear the above risks, The company and the cooperative company make no warranty of any kind, whether explicit or implied, for the products and services provided by the CEEX, including all implied warranties and conditions related to the authenticity, appropriateness, suitability for a specific purpose, ownership and non-infringement of the information, and shall be liable for any direct No liability for indirect, incidental, special and subsequent damages.
6. Users must understand that the company strives to provide accurate, complete and timely products and services for the CEEX, but does not guarantee its accuracy, integrity and timeliness. The company will not bear any legal liability for any loss caused by the direct or indirect use of the products and services provided by the coin ring, including but not limited to the loss caused by the inaccurate and incomplete contents of relevant products and services. The company also does not guarantee the accuracy and integrity of the external links set up. Users who obtain the content of other websites through the link between CEEX and other websites shall be at their own risk and responsibility, and the company will not bear any legal responsibility for this.
Under no circumstances shall the company be liable for any indirect, consequential, punitive, accidental, special or punitive damages, including the loss of profits caused by users' use of products and services provided by CEEXs (even if the company has been informed of the possibility of such losses). All responsibilities of the company to you, no matter what reason or behavior, will be borne within the scope stipulated by law.
8. The company shall not bear any legal liability for the occurrence of the following related matters:
(1) The company provides your personal information in accordance with laws or relevant government requirements;
(2) Any leakage of personal information caused by you telling others your user password or sharing your registered account with others, or other leakage of personal information not caused by the company;
(3) Disputes arising from the use of your personal information by any third party according to the conditions listed in the CEEX service agreement and the company's statement;
(4) Any temporary website closure caused by hacker attack, computer virus intrusion or government control;
(5) Any consequence caused by force majeure;
(6) The use mode or exemption listed by the company in the CEEX service agreement and the company statement.
9. Users must understand that the products and services provided by CEEX may contain advertisements from third-party suppliers and partners, and the company will make reasonable efforts to review the advertisers and advertising contents, but the company cannot guarantee to you the authenticity, legitimacy and full compliance with your expectations of the final services or products you obtain or experience through the advertisement.
10. Due to the adjustment of development strategy, the company may need to adjust the CEEX products or services you have used (including but not limited to changing, suspending, limiting, terminating or revoking your rights and interests in the CEEX). If the relevant adjustment may affect your rights and interests, we will notify you in advance, However, we cannot guarantee that the adjustment will not have any impact on your rights and interests in the end.
11. The products and services provided by the CEEX may be provided by a third party or jointly provided with a third party partner. The company is unable to assess the integrity, authenticity and full compliance with your expectations of the products and services (especially the parts independently provided by the third party); If you use the products or services of a third party through the products and services provided by the CEEX (especially purchasing the products and services of a third party), you must carefully read the specifications and policies of the products and services of the third party service party and make reasonable judgment by yourself.
12. For the information released by users on the CEEX, we will conduct a preliminary review of the information content in advance, and the information can be released only after passing the review. However, due to the large amount of information released by users, we cannot guarantee that all information released by users does not infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of third parties. In addition, we will adopt the post supervision mechanism for the information released by non individual users. Therefore, if you find any infringement or violation of laws and regulations in the information published by users on the CEEX, please contact us immediately through the contact information in "VII. Contact information" of this agreement. However, we are not responsible for any consequences and legal liabilities caused by users' publishing information, and all consequences and legal liabilities shall be borne by users themselves.
13. If the obligee believes that the work involved in the information storage space provided by the CEEX or the content stored, searched or linked by the search or link service infringes its right to information network dissemination or has been deleted or changed its own right to manage electronic information, he may submit a written notice to the CEEX according to law. The obligee shall be responsible for the authenticity of the notice and bear all legal liabilities caused by the untrue content of the notice.

3、 Privacy policy
Please refer to our CEEX privacy policy, which is an integral part with the same effect as this agreement.

4、 Intellectual property protection
1. Intellectual property declaration
(1) CEEX is developed by the company. All copyrights, trademark rights, patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights of the CEEX, as well as all information content related to the software, including but not limited to: text expression and its combination, icon, decoration, chart, color, interface design, layout framework, relevant data, printing materials, or electronic documents, are subject to the copyright law, trademark law, patent law of the people's Republic of China The protection of anti unfair competition law, corresponding international treaties and other intellectual property laws and regulations, except for the software or technology authorized by a third party, the company enjoys the above intellectual property rights.
(2) Without the written permission of the company, you shall not copy, change, modify or otherwise create derivative works for any commercial purpose with the relevant intellectual property rights (including but not limited to trademarks, software works and patents) of coin ring products or services; You can reasonably use the CEEX trademark for non-commercial purposes without harming the company's reputation; Any coin ring products and services provided to you by the company free of charge or charge does not mean that the company grants or transfers the intellectual property rights related to the coin ring products and services to you for use, unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing between the company and you.
2. Scope of authorization
(1) Users can install, use, display and run CEEXs on a single terminal device for non-commercial purposes. Users are not allowed to install, use and run CEEXs for commercial operation purposes. They are not allowed to copy, change, modify, connect and run CEEXs or data released into the memory of any computer terminal during the operation of CEEXs and interactive data between client and server during the operation of CEEXs, or create any derivative works, including but not limited to the use of plug-ins Plug in or unauthorized third-party tools / services are connected to the CEEX and related systems.
(2) The user shall not install the coin ring on other terminal equipment without the express permission of the company without the permission of the company. Including but not limited to set-top boxes, handheld devices, telephones, wireless internet access machines, game consoles, televisions, DVD players, etc.
(3) Reserved rights: all other rights not expressly authorized shall still belong to the company, and users must obtain the written consent of the company when using other rights.

5、 Agreement integrity
When you use different products and services provided by the CEEX, the company may formulate corresponding rules or notices or guidelines according to the characteristics of different products and services of the CEEX. When you use the products and services, you should abide by the relevant rules or notices or guidelines, which constitute a part of the agreement; The company attaches great importance to your personal privacy protection and has formulated a special privacy policy, which also forms an integral part of the agreement.

6、 Dispute resolution
1. You agree that in case of any dispute arising from this agreement, you will contact the company's customer service in time and reach an agreement with the company as soon as possible. If both parties cannot reach an agreement within 30 days, you agree to bring a lawsuit to the people's court with jurisdiction where the company is located.